add validation information for server tags (#740)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/clustering/servers.adoc

initial.server.mode_constraint='PRIMARY'
initial.server.allowed_databases='foo'
initial.server.denied_databases='bar','baz'
initial.server.tags=eu,eu-west
----

If conflicting options are provided between _neo4j.conf_ and the `ENABLE SERVER` command, those provided to `ENABLE SERVER` are used.

> Note that the input for server tags  is a comma-separated list which cannot have duplicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
The input for server tags is a comma-separated list which cannot have duplicates.
```

> Also note that the encoding of .conf files is Latin1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the encoding of _.conf_ files is *Latin1*.
```

> As such, for server tags which need a larger character set (e.g Chinese or Arabic), our recommendation is to use cypher to alter server tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, for server tags that need a larger character set (e.g. Chinese or Arabic), it is recommended to use Cypher to alter server tags.
====

```
